Hello and welcome to this new tutorial.
All right so we've just created the island variables curb with our two tensor is first the matrix of
weights output W and second one dy tensor basis.
Output B.
And now we're finally ready to get the output of the iron in which are I remind if we go to our world
morals article the two outputs of the iron in our first Z which will first get in a deterministic way
as in the classic model of the island.
And second the hidden state which will get as well in this same function that we're going to use which
is dynamic iron in function.
And speaking of this dynamic Arnold function well this is going to be our starting point right now because
what we're going to do exactly is just get this whole function with all these inputs here and for the
input where we'll keep the default values.
Well we'll just remove them.
All right so I'm going to copy this and back in python.
Well here we go.
Let's get our two outputs.
And since this function returns directly these outputs Well the first thing we're going to do is introduce
the variables which will be returned by this function.
And so the first output Z first obtained in a deterministic way.
We're going to call that simply output and for the second output meaning the hidden state.
Well we're gonna call this last state.
All right then equals.
And then we can just paste what we've just copied before and now let's just input the argument one by
one.
So starting with the first one cell let's see what it is.
Everything is in the documentation.
And as we see cell is an instance of the iron and cell or the Elysium cell which is our case for us
because indeed the cell that we created before you know implementation is exactly here.
Cell F N equals TAF country or an N lesser known basic Elysium cell it was created as an object of this
class living on basic LSD himself.
And that's exactly our first argument here which is nothing else than the cell in the Palestinian.
And therefore here what we're going to simply do is input for this cell argument are same cell variable
which you created here with the several cases here whether we want to use dropouts on the input the
output and the LSD himself.
All right.
So that's why our first argument now let's see for the second one inputs.
So let's go back again to documentation.
The second argument is inputs which are of course the iron inputs.
And as far as we are concerned well the inputs are exactly the input x which we've created here with
the right shape and which we've copied in this new variable actual input x.
So here for the second argument inputs is going to be equal to actual input x.
All right then next argument the sequence length so the sequence length is of course the sequence length
that we already introduced before.
But remember we actually put that already in the input and output.
So we don't have to specify the here and therefore we'll just leave it to the default value none and
so we can just remove all this and move on to the next argument which is initial state which is of course
what we've gathered here.
Self that initial state.
So I'm just going to copy this so that we can enter here for the initial state argument or self that
initial state object firewall then D type.
Well let's have a look at what it is exactly in the documentation the detail is the data type for the
initial state and expected output.
And as usual and as we've done before we're going to use the tensor flow float 32 to f that float 32
then for the next argument parallel iterations.
Let's see what it is exactly parallel iterations is the number of iterations to run in parallel and
the default values for that is none.
And we will actually not use this.
So we will keep the default values to none and therefore I'm just going to remove that right here.
Then swap memory.
Let's see what it is exactly.
Swap memory swaps the tensor is produced for inference but needed for back prop from GP to use that
for the training and actually for this we will actually use it.
And therefore here instead of keeping the false default value well we will set it to true then for the
time Major the time Major is this time the shape format of the inputs and outputs.
And actually we will keep the default value of false.
So.
And again going to remove this we don't need it.
And finally the scope Well the scope is gonna be of course the scope we already created here which is
our are an invaluable scope and therefore instead of none here I'm just going to input Arnon in quotes.
And here we go that gives us the output and the last date.
Now it's time for you to clearly visualize what is going to be that output in that last state because
we gonna do a lot of reshape and I clearly want you to see the difference between the deterministic
output of the iron and and just to getting output that we will get Then thanks to our matrix of weights
in one detention of basis you know this is to create this hidden layer.
You know this additional hidden layer which we could call the MDC an output layer and which will give
us the output Z and the stochastic way you know as opposed to a deterministic prediction of Z.
Right.
And it is confirmed here.
Right now we've just created a classic Elysium record a neural network.
And then in the next to soils we will add this extra mixture density network as the output layer.
You know exactly this and this will be created thanks to this matrix of weights W and this one did sensor
basis output B and so before we do all the reshaped Well it's important that you clearly understand
what we get here at this stage when we call the dynamic on and function and to do this so that you can
clearly see it.
Well I've prepared all the values of the iron in that we're building you know with the future values
of the parameters that will be used for this model and they are all gathered here.
So you know you have for example the max sequence length which will be 1000 the input SEC with which
we've already mentioned to be equal to 35.
The output SEC with equal to 32 the iron in size which is basically the number of neurons in the and
256 but also you know the number of elements of the vector z for each of the 1000 frames which will
be gathered in the output.
We will see that right away and all the other parameters such as the learning rate equals to 0.01 percent
and all the drop outs values which have already gathered.
So what we're going to do now in order to clearly see what this output is equal to.
Well I'm simply going to execute all this from here to the top so that we can see the shape of that
output.
So executing by precision command or control plus enter.
And now we have it.
Now we have the output.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to select that output press again command plus and to execute.
And here we go.
Now we can clearly see the shape of that output.
And so the shape of the output as we can see is a 3D tensor you know 3D tensor flow tensor of dimensions.
One hundred one thousand and two hundred and fifty six.
So it's really important to understand this.
I'm going to explain right away what these numbers are.
Let's the first one 100 is the number of samples in the batch so this first dimension corresponds to
the batch then 1000 here corresponds to that Max sequence link that we've specified for the input and
also for the output and this corresponds basically to the number of frames that we'll have in each sample
of the batch.
So for each of these 100 samples of the bat we'll have 1000 frames and for each of these 1000 friends
we'll have 256 elements in that output vector returned by the iron and so we'll have 1000 output vectors
returns in total by the origin each one corresponding to a specific frame.
However all these frames are not taken randomly.
They are of course a sequence of frames happening in the game.
And the reason why we take 1000 frames is so that I can understand the correlations happening in the
game know the correlations of the frames happening in the game.
So for example when the car has to turn left on a certain corner of the road while a big part of the
1000 frames will capture what the A.I. has to do in order to stay on the road and not get lost in the
green field so the 1000 frames will catch that and for each of the frames will have an encoding vector
of 256 elements encoding what's happening and encoding the correlations so that the agent can learn
to navigate properly you know to stay on the road and go as fast as possible.
So it's really important that you get this.
Right now we've just got the deterministic output of the iron in which is a 3D tensor for which the
three dimensions correspond respectively to first the batch.
Second the max sequence length for the number of frames that there are in each sample of the batch.
And for each frame the third dimension will be the number of elements in the output vector encoding
what's happening in that specific frame.
All right so I'm going to keep that in the console and I'm also going to give you that on and values
that way so that you can play with it.
But this is not going to be the final code because as you can notice I took what's inside the function
and basically put it out of a function so that we can execute it and get all the values.
But I really recommend to do this especially when you're working on a large code you know with a lot
of lines of code.
Well it's important sometimes to keep track of what you're doing and take a step back so that you can
understand what you were creating when dealing with all these variables.
All right.
So now we're going to move on to the next tutorial where we'll start all the reshapes of the outputs.
And the reason for that is because we're going to create that additional layer which is exactly this
one and we're going to do that thanks to what we've created here meaning the matrix of weights output
W and the matrix of bases output.
You have to understand that the purpose of creating these two tenses here is just to create this additional
hidden layer or output layer as it says in the article you know a mixture density network as the output
layer so that we can get the output set as is the Catholic prediction as opposed to a deterministic
prediction.
All right so we'll do that in the next material and of course I'll keep executing in the console what
the output will become after the reshapes so that we can clearly see what we're doing what the output
is becoming and that you can clearly follow how we build these extra hidden layers or empty and output
layer.
All right so let's do that in the next material.
I can't wait to move on to the next step because here we go we are starting now the engine part of the
MGM ion and we're done with this section building the iron in.
And so as soon as you're ready let's kick this off in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy a.